              Holy Bible Not only can I read the verse myself ,I can listen as well, it REALLY helps me get it in my soul reading along as I hear it. Thank You for making this a free book (audible) :-) :-)!! GOD BLESS YOU!   
              BEAUTIFUL IS THE BEST WAY TO HEAR THE BIBLE ON THE WAY WHERE EVER YOU GO,THE SPIRIT OF THE LORD KEEP YOU AWAKE ABOUT THINGS HAPPENING IN THE WORLD. SO BE ALERT ABOUT WHAT'S HAPPENING, IS TIME TO BE ALERT ABOUT THE COMING OF THE MESSIAH OUR JESUS CHRIST, THE KING OF KINGS AND LORD OF LORDS   
              Awesome! It's great that I can access the Word of the Lord anytime, anywhere! Would be perfect if you can come up with a Sephia version other than the light and dark modes. One thing I noticed though are the absence of widgets when i upgraded to Android Marshmallow. Pls check. Thanks guys!   
              I know I said I like this version before. But now I've chainged my mind. Why is it that after I downloaded the different Bibles in this app is it telling me that I have to still download them again and again? If this carries on, I am going to delete the entire app. And I'm going to give it a worse report.   
              Bible offline Unlike any other! The audio features separates it from other apps audio versions.  It comes to life. The search feature needs updating , most searches are not recognized   
              Really dope Bible app I have a couple suggestions. The settings page and several other pages bleed through the Bible page and I can't read the pages. I also would like to see commentaries, an encyclopedia, maybe movie clips of Bible movies,  it would be really great if you could add the Word of Promise audio Bible on here for the same price that the NIV live cost.   
              Love, love, love it!!! Simple and precisely awesome. Speed to load and trulely offline. I have searched for a similar bible app but now the search has ended. I now have a Bible... Hurrah!!! Thanks to the developers.   
              A Great Tool It's quite easy to use. I love KJV, though wish there were 3 or more versions added to this for quick reference. I also love the fact that it's offline and can be read anywhere, with or without WiFi. Highlighters and notes available, great!  Fantastic Tool!   
              Wonderful and amazing Love the bible. It helps me to easily learn  the bible. And the drama is great. ..    
              Disappointed Downloaded this app (Version 5.4.4)  and started searching for specific verses, they all came back with no verse found, please try again. So, I downloaded the NIV version and had the same results. It appears to only be the Search function that isn't working. When I choose the Book, Chapter and Verse from the heading,  it brings it up just fine. Please fix the search option. I am rating this one star because they seem to be the only ratings you take notice of, otherwise it would be three stars.   
              Good This is a good app i love the fact  that you can choose different translations  to get a better understanding of the Scripture. I also like the daily devotions. I love it keep it up   
              Easy to use, intuitive, and useful Love the highlighting function, and that I can set a plan to read the entire Bible in a month or a year (or anywhere in between). And that I can download audio files for offline listening quickly and easily. Thank you!   
              Appropriate for every age group It is simple to use with all the step by    step fuctions that make reading enjoyable ..because of the coloured markers it is easy when i have to returning to and comparing verses..i love it.   
              Best I tried other bible apps, and either they're outdated or a social media. This has everything I wanted: a smooth operating, simple bible app. I recommend this app to everyone   
              Wonderful very easy to use. It would help if the audio was clearer easier to understand. Thank you for this bible offline app. God bless you and all you are connected to.   
              Its very helpful. I am fourteen years old, with 5 siblings. So they do pretty stupid things to my bibles sometimes... But with the app on my phone,  I can easily read my 5 chapters daily. I absolutely love this app, and I can highlight verses. It also has a widget that gives you daily scriptures or something, with push notifications! 
              It is a good version of the greatest book in the world. It could use a few less pop ups .but is so nice to carry with you .Right on your phone .I am thank full to the makers .   
              Great app!!!!! No need to have an Internet connection with this app to read the word of God!  This app works extremely well off line, and has different versions of the Bible too.Has lots of nice features like highlighting your favorite scriptures with a diverse array of colors!  Love this app!!   
              I love Bible Offline! It is very easy to use, can pull up different translations, can pull up different languages, very good concordance to find the scriptures I am looking for at any given time. All these wonderful features are available offline! I love it!   
              Great app Doesn't act up like some apps do. The ads are annoying but they only pop up like once per day. The app is very easy to navigate, makes reading easier, and makes marking verses easy.   
              I am almost afraid to say this because every time I have an app ends up closing down but keep up the good work This is the most useful Bible offline that I have found on the market. I was having a problem finding one that did not try to direct me into what I should study and I was having a problem finding enough versions. And it was pretty annoying until I found this one. I like that it has a lot of versions and a lot of different languages so that I can  it helps to share the gospel to people who don't speak my language. Thanks and don't go anywhere. More versions please!  :)   
              Offline is great! However, the audio is the worst. It has that robotic sound which is so hard to listen to, and annoying mind u. I love the voices of real ppl, the kind that put inflexion in the voice. Otherwise great app.   
              Good but for very insisting rate me popup User selected verse by verse comparison of different Bibles in either different colors or fonts . (if not already installed, didn't get real chance to test app- was still loading versions when rate me kept popping up after each install press) make it so you can select all the versions  you want then press install to save time.  An option to transfer app to another device without redoing downloads again or a Google sync fuction that when downloaded on another device it automatically downloads your choices.   
              Love this app! Love how easy it is to use. It's great to be able to highlight verses with different colors for different reasons. Thanks Bible Offline! Be blessed and keep honoring God.   
              WORSHIP 24/7 This app is the best! Especially for us people who like to make excuses not to read the bible. I myself use to say I didn't have time,but this app and it's accurate Old King James version has allowed me to read my 10 chapters a day with no problem. Whether I read it all at once or in pieces I still am able to read the word on my busy  schedule. This App has DEFINITELY helped me strengthen my faith in the LORD. God bless the people who put their time and effort into making this app. HIGHLY Recommend.   
              Bible Offline They advertised the app was "free," but now they are wanting me to pay. The price is not much, but, to me, it seems underhanded, and dishonest to pull such a "bait and switch."  I will erase it.   
              WONDERFUL AND USEFUL APP This app helps me to maintain a daily bible reading plan. Its search function is so wonderful. I can make my notes and comments as i read. It's a great app; a must have for lovers of God's word. Moreover, it comes handy when i travel to a place where there is no internet connection.   
              The app is beautifully done! Since the new update the UI looks beautifully done.When I want to read the bible on the go, this app is perfect! With night mode, the app is easy to the eyes! It has a widget that gives me a daily dose of bible quotings! Would recommend to anyone   
              The Best Offline Bible App This is the best Bible reading app I have ever used and I have tried many.  The other Bible apps left me frustrated &  disappointed because they didn't work offline or didn't function consistently.  This app works every time and it works offline.  I can take notes, bookmark and highlight with it.  I gladly paid to remove advertising and now this app is so awesome....I love this Bible app.   
              Inspiration Not only is it easy and convenient to use , it also inspires me each ad every day. #useful   
              Thanks from my heart. Love all the modern features that a great bible app needs for inspiration, study, prayer etc. and all things nice, Jesus loves yous :-)   
              First Bible application that I have used. This app is very easy to use and is excellent for studying God's word! This is the absolute sharpest sword that I have ever experienced and, it has completely cut away the evil demons that had been attached to my soul and has freed me from a lifetime of all of the torture, pain, suffering, abusement by everyone in my whole life. God and his son(my saviour) is my only family and can trust in them. They are also the only ones that truly love me!   
              THE BIBLE OFF LINE SO LOVELY May the Lord bless and strengthen you for this soul winning and inspiring work. The lazy and careless, even unbelievers have been inspired through this wonderful work and are daily giving their lives to Christ. Thanks for making this Bible comprehensive and easily accessible.   
              Upgrade is awesome I love the fact that I can now download all the versions that I want and it STAYS downloaded. I had a problem before where it would only download 1 version at a time. The audio reader sounds more human too. This app has been great since I downloaded it. It\'s even better since the upgrade. My suggestions so far is that you fix the search (sometimes it says "No verse found" when the word is actually there - please test) and yes the maps could include journeys other than Paul\'s.   
              Best, Sensible, Realistic, and truly GOD inspired It's a real bible. From navigation , bookmarks, font adjust, and a particular feature that's important. (The heading don't move) whilst reading.  so that you always know which book and chapter yore reading. And all the other wonderful features. Keep it up guys, and keep on trusting in the one and only, our LORD, GOD of our salvation, YESHUA, Jesus the CHRIST, whom is soon to come. Amen.   
              Can't access audible bible Purchased the audible bible on my Samsung note 3 but can't access it. When I click restore purchase it says, successfully restored, but still I can't access it. Please help   
              Excellent! Awesome App for the very nearsighted Love it!!! I can make the font as large as I need!!!!!   Awesome high contrast text with night mode and several font styles.  I'm able to tune easily for my nearsighted oddball eyeballs. Thank you so much. If I don't feel like reading the app will read it out loud to me.   
              Excellent scripture source I use this scripture app on all m touch screen devices. It is very simple to use, you can navigate through the books, chapters and verses with relative ease. I especially like the fact that you can highlight and bookmark the verses that are pertinent to you. Very handy. I also like the fact that the app doesn't take long to load. I have recommended it to several friends.  The best scripture app for me.   
              LOVE THIS APP! I absolutely love this app! It's very easy to use and I really appreciate the fact that I can use it offline, and not use up a ton of data. I also love the fact that there are several versions of the Bible that can be  downloaded  as well.  It's really good for those who like to study the Word of God using various texts. It is such a blessing to be able to take God's Word with me every where I go. Many Blessings to you for sharing this great resource.   
              Best of the Bible apps I have tried Easy to use, can mark my passages for quickly finding later.  Can easily look up passages to keep up with sermons.   Full Review   ],
              Cannot sort books There is no option to sort books into an orderly fashion. This app needs a bookshelf where you can arrange the books into folders or categories. Who wants all their books, magazines, recipes, work documents, fictions, reference books all jumbled all together? No one. This is a basic feature. Please sort this.   
              This App is a Must Have , and in all my time spent on it. i haven't found a single bug or discrepancy... download right away!!   
              Part time job... Part time job...!!    Monthly payment Guaranteed...!!    Just install Champcash....!! SEARCH CHAMPCASH EARN MONEY On Playstore  And CHAMPCASH APP INSTALL Karne Ke Baad *SIGNUP WITH CHAMPCASH Kare. Please Join Our Team Refer *Sponsor ID 2531059 and Join  Me _Earn Rs. 1,000+/-a Day As Part_Time/Full Time Job So Don't Waste Your Time  Install Hurry Up. After Installation Sign up karne k baad jab Sponsor Id maange to ID 2531059 daal dena is App se Aap Meri Team me Join ho ke and *Challenge Complete Karke **50,000/- Per Month kma sakte hai . *CHAMPCASH ID 2531059   
              Unfortunately google play book stopped I have updated my os to android 6 after updates google play books didn't works properly automatically the app closed   
              False advertisement I wanted to try this app and grabbed some random "free" book. Then I was asked for my credit card information. If I go for a walk I don\'t expect to be stopped and asked to show my wallet. "Yes, sir, walking is free. But what if you decide to buy something?" Well, this store is one place i\'m not spending any money EVER.   
              The app is not working When I upgraded my phone from lollipop to marshmallow it stopped working.... And the message 'Unfortunately, Google play books has stopped' comes again again whenever I start using Internet connection'   
              "Google Play Books has stopped working.. !!" This message repeatedly pop-ups on my screen even when i don\'t open it. When i click on report it, it doesn\'t respond. Help out with a solution. Please.   
              Only two concerns Just if google can add an offline reading support without the need to upload every book to the cloud by letting the user browse his/her local library, ALSO this annoying blue symbol that stucks on the book after it being downloaded forever...it have to be clean af instead of putting some annoying stickers.   
              Awesome I like the app, it's interface is stable and can turn PDFs to night mode(which is a big plus). The only thing I consider that is quite annoying is the fact that I have to put my credit card to download free books.   
               Still stops reading alound while the screen is locked! Defeats the whole point of it! Apparently the only reason this application has read aloud is so that developers or PM can say it is supported on the feature list.   
              PLEASE FIX!!!!!! App stop working it says that no Internet please check connection. My internet works fine for everything else so it has to be this app. I bought book I would like to read them. They won't even upload. Not even with data pack. I even true another internet connect with no luck. Try what you said even tried removing x-memory and did not help either. I am not the only one having this problem.   
              Very disappointed with this app. In my phone google play books is not responding. Every time I open any app, or playing games, or doing some work, taking picture a pop up come up and saying google play is not unfortunately not working.with option of ok and report. When i press report button they don't send any report. And for some time it don't come out.and after some time, then again it come to irritate. Please help me google.   
              !?!NewGlitch2016 0219 Read article Twitter &dowhatHavDone1000Times&go2save2DRIVE&AUTO shifted me into GooglePlayBooks&tells me pdf will be saved there4offLineReading but but... WHY???  //////  2015- ?!? Ok, Google re-enabledPurchasd Library Download to SD-Card 4 OffLine read BUT BOOKMARK back stepd2 [blah blah blah.. ] Many thx 4 fix moving to SD-CARD!   
              Annoying upload and pdf viewer It's another app Google has forgotten it seems. Unfortunately there is no custom sort feature but most disappointing is the frequent downloading and uploading. I have a lot of my books on a SD card why the hell do I need to upload then re-download just to read a book. Classic Google issue of overthinking how it's apps are used by users.   
              App isn\'t working Whenever I open the app, dialog came up on screen showing "unfortunately Google play books has stopped". Please help me to figure it out ..   
              Nexus7tablet Prices are getting better now, and nice to see alot more free books on my recommended, used to love this site heading back to it getting better, good work guys *****   
              Awesome but just one suggestion First off, I love reading books on my phone and I love the new night light option. But, PLEASE add a "manual" option for nightlight rather than always being automatically enabled only during the night. I work night shift, and when I get off work and want to read a little bit, it would be great to be able to use that function. Please consider that, thanks.   
              Best ebook reading app Have tried some others but Play Book is over all the best - reading experience and useful features. Saw some people complained and annoyed at the need for uploading book to cloud and then downloading for offline reading. This is because they do not understand and/or do not interest in the concept of being able to read the same book (and library of books) including all its settings/annotations across devices which is a really nice feather.   
              Doesn't sync I use this app on both my galaxy s6 and my tab 4 but you can't sync them together to pick up where one device left off. It's really frustrating. Thinking of switching to a different app.   
              I love it It has become one of my favorites apps. It has a nice set of options to config, it is very reliable and it is easy to use.   
              It's good- yore not syncing It makes studying easier and highlighting with notes is an awesome idea. It isn't syncing with my phone and tablets. Please fix. Now, I'm upset. I had a part of my magazine studied and now, it's totally erased. I even had notes. What happened?   
              Read PDF from device Nice App but It looks like Google app developers unable to make reading PDF from local Drive ,unnecessary have to upload and then need to download from cloud. Is it look like user friendly?  
              I like it but I'm annoyed The app does what it's supposed to, let's you read books on your phone. But I've in countered a very annoying problem. When using orignal pages, instead of flowing text, I am unable to use page links, url links, and text selection for highlighting. If I use flowing text and highlight somthing then on original text, the highlight is no where near the text and is some were in the middle of the page (or were some were else depending on the text but it still wrong)   
              Needs a few features Please give us the option for creating folders for books. Also needs the option to change sort orders to sort books by publication date or some other custom sort.  *Update* Lowering score - too much time has passed and still no folders or advanced sort options.  :(   
              All good..  Except one thing.. Everything is perfect except one thing.. Please add option to upload books directly from google drive mobile app.  Every time when I want to upload new book which I already have in my Drive,  either I need to go to web link of play books or download book from drive to mobile and then upload it again to playbooks which unnecessarily waste lot of time..   
              Less is more Google proves I love the clean design and simplicity of this app. Makes for a great reading experience. The only thing missing is PDF support, which I hope Google will add soon.   
               I've been using Cool Reader for years but decided to try this reader because of various crashing reasons :-) It allowed me to use volume buttons for page turns.  Very nice. However. I am losing my place mark if I want to switch from day to night, or when I set display brighter. Finally realised the settings and chapter buttons are much to close to each other. An easier (hint:some gesture)  way to get display dimmed would be appreciated. Ps. I only tried epub so far.. Update - 2015 - I have to many ebooks - management is a pain - started using Allreader   
              I can't its worst Any the ducking books I read now today its marsh fuffy I can't log in its hard work to do i went to high school today my games doesn't work. Even i play cute games my wallpapers are ainme now faster I am   
              Awesome, but... I love the app, I think it's really easy to use, and the options you have are helpful. However, I'd like it if I could rearrange my uploads the way I want them, in MY order, not by most recent, author or anything else. I think it would be a great improvement, and kindly appreciated on my part.   
               The Night reading mode is  bit overzealous -- the screen is bright orange at night! More generally:  Play Books is pretty nice. It's great to have a consistent x-platform experience.  But why doesn't Google take advantage of owning both Google Drive and Play Books? If I have a book in GD, and upload it to PB, I now have two copies. Each has their own separate annotations and bookmarks, not to mention taking up twice the storage.   This is particularly frustrating with books on the laptop. Here I have 2 reading options: Play Books's web app VS a real ebook reader sourcing the files from my Google Drive folder. Obviously I'll use the latter (SSD+SATA access speed vs web!). So now my annotations and bookmarks are out of sync between mobile and macbook.  Furthermore, none of the clients (iOS, Android, web) allow copying text, even with unrestricted PDFs. This is a bit nuts given this is one of only 3 advantages that electronic text has over the real thing (search, portability, copy/paste). How many people read non-fiction without copying sections for notes or review?   
              Now my favorite e-reader app\U0001f496 Great clean design and is the best looking e-reader out there. Their upload feature for the cloud is amazing, which is the number one reason I'm planning to stick with this app. Different book shelves or a way to categorize books is needed. Ability to make notes and view them as popups is one of my favorite features. I love the convenience of the widgets and how beautifully designed they are. Reading aloud has improved and I am amazed at how they are able to read my uploaded content as well. \U0001f44d\U0001f44d\U0001f44d   
               Great app.  Less great policies. Storing notes and highlights on GDocs is an excellent idea.  It's easy to skim quickly through a book to find a section of interest or to get back to a section after a jump forward or back. Unfortunately G's policy on number of devices per book is very annoying.  There is a maximum of three devices per book, which seems a little tight but acceptable.  Except that it is very awkward to release a book from a device that isn't actually in your hand.  Your phone is suddenly defunct? Your tablet is at home?  Or you have more than three devices?  Yore out of luck, and can't download the book to your device in hand.   
              Difficult to find When I try to find the next in a series I have to jump through hoops then walk across a lake of fire to find  I would have thought it would be natural for the next edition to come up for grabs as a suggestion not a back issue that is 50 behind!!!!   
              The Edge of Never-Rated "In Pain" :\'( Because she rushed her relationship into having nowhere to go.....and then got high and drunk every day and treated him badly, missed work constantly, Ignored her children until they resented her, and finally collapsed into the arms of a weary man blinded by her beauty....All men would fall for this CUTIE.....but only ONE was stromg enough to keep her....He would try hard to escape by slowly turning his heart ice cold....Would the hero escape his fate by showing the maiden love.....or hate? A MUST READ!!   
               This Google app is installed on my phone and i never use it.  The only thing i can do is to turn the app off.  But it's still consumes memory on the internal storage for an app i never use.  Don't want it.  Why is this app mandatory?  Junk for me.   
              Looks great and works well, but limited audio book offerings/support. Google Books looks great and works well, with plenty of content available... Combined with a decent tablet - such as the waterproof Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet (the world's thinnest and lightest tablet!) - one has the perfect medium for eBooks and eComics. It is disappointing however, that so few commercial eBooks in the Google Play Store support the ability to have the eBook read out loud... A fact which causes two stars to lost - there simply is no excuse, with modern eBook technology and modern tablets.   
              LOVE THIS APP!!!!!!!!!! I love to read!!!!! If u love reading, u will love this app!!! It's simple to use and downloads books fast....that's the beauty of it! The faster the download the faster I can start reading! Like I said best reading app ever!!!!! Wish there were more free series.   
              If it's downloaded to my phone why do I have to use Internet to read and the read out loud is horrible voice You still have to use Internet to listen and down load horrible nt every one has unlimited data plan.don't have wifi not everyone has access to wifi. Stop making excuses other apps I have now found don't require wifi, or data to read a book aloud, or just read a book .plan and simple get with the program. If I could rate 0 I would since all you have are excuses and no improvements   
              I am Dedeepya So many interesting books r not free and many books we have to search in app store and if some books r free also we have to give card number and I am just a child.I am using my Daddy's account so I can't give card number. Please give books without card number   
              Can't add my own books I remember why I never use this app now. I can't add books that I have digital copies of. I have to buy them from the store. 
 